Middlesex University
The Burroughs
Hendon
London
NW4 4BT
Sponsor license number: B3HTJ3ME8

Joshua Sobitan
214 Summers Lane
London
N12 0JY

9 April 2025
Student ID: M00941782

Dear Joshua,

We are pleased to make you a conditional offer at Middlesex University for the programme named below. Please ensure you read all the terms and conditions included in this letter before accepting your offer.

Course name: BSc (Hons) Cyber Security and Digital Forensics
UCAS code: I118
Entry level: Year 1
Start date: 18-SEP-2025
Normal duration: 3 Years
Conditions of offer: A minimum of 80 UCAS Tariff Points in future exams. We feel it's important that you continue to aim high and achieve great results. If you don't quite make the grades you hoped to, we'll look at more than your qualifications when making our final decision. Please visit http://www.mdx.ac.uk/courses/help-with-your-application/undergraduate-application/entry requirements to see how these points can be achieved from our acceptable level 3 qualifications, and our GCSE requirements. See http://www.ucas.com/ucas/undergraduate/getting-started/entry requirements/tariff for Tariff notes
Location: Hendon Campus
Mode of study: Full Time
Residential category: United Kingdom
Tuition fee: £9,250.00

If your offer is for a full time course which is longer than one academic year, the tuition fee shown above is for the first year of study only. If your offer is for a part-time course, the tuition fee above is quoted on a per taught credit basis.

Depending on the duration of your study, your tuition fees may be subject to inflationary increases. Full details of the University's financial terms and conditions can be found in the Terms and Conditions section of this offer letter. You can also find information about tuition fees and funding on our website at www.mdx.ac.uk

How to reply to your offer

Please go to https://track.ucas.com where you can sign in to track your application, view the conditions of your offer and find details of when and how to accept your place. If you accept our offer (firm or insurance) any conditions must be met by 31 August in the academic year of your application. Places may not be held after this date. Please ensure you read the terms and conditions in this offer letter before accepting your offer.

To view further information about your offer, please have a look at our website: Your offer explained

Please note the terms of this offer and the regulations governing your studies at Middlesex University are subject to English Law. Information processed for the purpose of admissions, enrolment and student records may be made available to relevant government offices.

Yours sincerely,

Gunel McLaughlin
Head of Admissions and Student Visa Compliance
Middlesex University

Terms and Conditions

The following are the terms and conditions of the offer which form the contract between you and the University. On accepting our offer you agree to these conditions:

1. You agree to observe the University Regulations listed below, found at http://www.mdx.ac.uk/about-us/policies/university regulations
   i. Academic Regulations
   ii. Student Conduct and Discipline
   iii. Student Complaints and Grievance Procedures
   iv. Regulations for Research Degree Programmes (for Research students)

2. You agree to observe the University Policies listed below, found at http://www.mdx.ac.uk/about-us/policies/public-policy-statements and http://unihub.mdx.ac.uk/your-middlesex/university-regulations-and-policies/policies
   i. Admissions Policy
   ii. Admissions Complaints Policy
   iii. Computer use policy for Students
   iv. Data Protection Policy
   v. Designated smoking areas on campus
   vi. Financial Regulations for students
   vii. Printing and photocopy policy for students
   viii. Privacy Policy
   ix. Smoking Policy
   x. Talking Point Policy

3. If you have been offered a place on a Nursing or Midwifery course you also agree to observe the following, found at http://unihub.mdx.ac.uk/your-middlesex/university-regulations-and-policies/policies
   i. Attendance policy (Nursing and Midwifery)
   ii. Disciplinary policy (Nursing and Midwifery)
   iii. Fitness for practice policy (Nursing and Midwifery)
   iv. Leavers and Returns Policy (Nursing and Midwifery)

4. You agree to pay tuition fees and any given additional charges relating to your course by the date of registration or your start date given. The tuition fee for the first year is as stated in your offer letter. The fee quoted is revised each academic year. Your offer letter indicates the residential category you have been classified as for fees purposes. If you feel this classification to be incorrect it is your responsibility to contact the relevant Admissions team.

5. You agree that if the University refunds you any monies, then such refunds are returned to the account from which the fees were remitted including where fees have been overpaid.

6. The University has an Admissions Complaints and Appeals Policy which can be found at http://www.mdx.ac.uk/about-us/policies/public-policy-statements

7. You may cancel the contract without penalty within 14 days of your acceptance by contacting the University admissions team in writing. If you wish to withdraw after that date, you should contact the University admissions team for further guidance.

8. Where the programme of study you have an offer for requires a Disclosing and Barring Check this will be indicated to you in the offer of study and it is your responsibility to ensure compliance and participation with this check at the University's direction.

   Where an offer of a place is for a programme that does not require a DBS check you agree to take responsibility to check any occupational or professional standards relating to criminal convictions where the programme of study you have an offer for might meet occupational and professional standards but does not lead to registration with a professional regulatory body.

Offer letter generated: 12-JUN-23 18.00